[JS] feat: Add documentation for OpenAI tool call (#69)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/foundation-models/openai/chat-completion.mdx

In this example, streaming request will be aborted after one second.
Abort controller can be useful, e.g., when end-user wants to stop the stream or refreshes the page.

## Executing tool calls

Define and pass [tool definitions](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling) to enable the model to call specific functions.
Here's an example of temperature conversion using tool calls:

> First, define the tool with its name and parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, define the tool with its `name` and `parameters`:
```

    parameters: {
      type: 'object',
      properties: {
        temperature: {
          type: 'number',
          description: 'The temperature value in Celsius to convert.'
        }
      },
      required: ['temperature']
    }
  }
};
```

Initialize the client and send the initial request with the tool definition:

```ts
const client = new AzureOpenAiChatClient('gpt-4o');
const messages = [
  { role: 'user', content: 'Convert 20 degrees Celsius to Fahrenheit.' }
];

const response = await client.run({
  messages,
  tools: [convertTemperatureTool]
});
```

When the model decides to use a tool, it returns the function name and input arguments in the response.
Parse the model's response and use them to execute the function.

```ts
const initialResponse = response.data.choices[0].message;
messages.push(initialResponse);

if (initialResponse.tool_calls) {
  const toolCall = initialResponse.tool_calls[0];
  // The model provides the function name to call
  const name = toolCall.function.name;
  // And the arguments to pass to the function
  const args = JSON.parse(toolCall.function.arguments);

  // Execute the function with the provided arguments

>   const toolResult = convertTemperatureToFahrenheit(args.temperature);

Reviewer: [q] I imagine we first need to check if the function name the llm returned matches `convertTemperatureToFahrenheit `?

Author: Yeah, didn't realise my code snippets were altered. Fixed this.

  messages.push({
    role: 'tool',
    content: toolResult,
    tool_call_id: toolCall.id
  });
}
```

The `callFunction` routes the model's function calls to their actual implementations.

```ts
// Route function calls to the appropriate implementation

> const callFunction = (name: string, args: any): string => {

Reviewer 2: Style guide: https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-js/blob/main/STYLEGUIDE.md#use-function-declarations-to-reference-functions-by-name

I would use normal function here instead of arrow function

> const callFunction = (name: string, args: any): string => {

Reviewer: [req] We create this sort of utility, but how and where to use it not shown.

  switch (name) {
    case 'convert_temperature_to_fahrenheit':
      return convertTemperatureToFahrenheit(args.temperature);
    default:
      throw new Error(`Function: ${name} not found!`);
  }
};

// Define the actual function that performs the conversion
function convertTemperatureToFahrenheit(temperature: number): string {
  return `The temperature in Fahrenheit is ${(temperature * 9) / 5 + 32}°F.`;
}
```

Send the function result back to the model to get it's final response:

```ts
const finalResponse = await client.run({

>   messages, //A list of the model's previous responses and the function result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  messages, // List of the previous messages with the function result
```

  tools: [convertTemperatureTool]
});

console.log(finalResponse.getContent());
```

> The model decides whether to use the provided tools based on the user's request.
> When appropriate, it will make tool calls to help generate more accurate responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Aren't these two sentences redundant?

Author: Removed the second line.

In this example, streaming request will be aborted after one second.
Abort controller can be useful, e.g., when end-user wants to stop the stream or refreshes the page.

## Function Calling

Define and pass [tool definitions](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling) to enable the model to call specific functions.
Here's an example of temperature conversion using tool calls:

First, define the tool with its `name` and `parameters`:

```ts
const convertTemperatureTool: AzureOpenAiChatCompletionTool = {
  type: 'function',
  function: {
    name: 'convert_temperature_to_fahrenheit',
    description: 'Converts temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit',
    parameters: {
      type: 'object',
      properties: {
        temperature: {
          type: 'number',
          description: 'The temperature value in Celsius to convert.'
        }
      },
      required: ['temperature']
    }
  }
};
```

> :::info
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info

```

> :::info
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Set `strict` to `true` to ensure function calls adhere to the function schema.
For more information refer to the [OpenAI documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/function-calling?api-mode=chat#strict-mode).

> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::
```

[pp] I would avoid having too many highlights which distracts user.
